MORNING MISSION v1.1.0 - WINDOWS BUILD

1. Extract MorningMission-v1.1.0-source.zip.
2. In Android Studio choose Open and select the MorningMission-v1.1.0 folder
   (the folder containing settings.gradle.kts and app/).
3. Let Gradle sync finish. If Android Studio asks for a Gradle version, choose 9.6.0.
4. Build > Build App Bundle(s) or APK(s) > Build APK(s).
5. APK: app\build\outputs\apk\debug\app-debug.apk
6. Install on the phone. If the previous debug build was signed with the same
   Android Studio debug key, Android should offer to update it.

THE GRADLE WRAPPER IS IN THE ZIP NOW
Up to v0.7 this project had gradle\wrapper\gradle-wrapper.properties but no
gradlew.bat and no gradle-wrapper.jar, so gradlew did not work from a terminal
until Android Studio had generated them on first open. All three are committed
now, so from a command prompt in the project folder this works on its own:

    gradlew.bat assembleDebug

Android Studio is still fine; it just is not required any more.

AGP 9.4.0, Gradle 9.6.0, compileSdk 36, minSdk 26, Java 17. No dependencies:
no AndroidX, no Material, no Compose.

WHAT IS NEW SINCE v0.7
The countdown route, the celebration and the character rigs are the three areas
that changed most.

- The buddy no longer walks a straight lane. Each morning it takes a different
  winding path through the scene, generated so it never crosses itself, with the
  treasure chest somewhere new each time and every treat laid out along the way.
- Mission Complete has five celebrations and picks one from the morning's own
  seed: confetti, fireworks, a disco with a mirror ball, fairground chase lights
  with balloons, and a gentle starfall. Each opens with its own volley rather
  than the same paper cannon.
- All eight characters are now built from five moving parts rather than one flat
  picture, so heads, arms and tails move and lag independently.
- Roughly a third of the sound is produced audio rather than synthesised: six of
  the eight buddy taps, five task cues, the interface tap and the title loop.

WHAT TO TEST FIRST - the new work
- Run four or five mornings and confirm the route is different each time, that
  it never crosses itself, and that the chest is reachable at the end of it.
- Watch the celebration on several mornings. You should see different ones. The
  Grown-Ups "Celebration" switch turns all five off together.
- On the countdown screen, confirm the treats are always drawn in FRONT of the
  buddy, and that the buddy eats the one it is actually standing on.
- Watch each character's signature move: the dino's sprout, the trike's frill
  and the cloud pup's ears should now MOVE. Until this version those three were
  painted into the head and could not.
- Listen to the eight buddies in Choose Buddy. Six are recordings now; the dino
  and the shark are still synthesised, deliberately.

WHAT TO TEST - the behaviour that must not have changed
- Pick a buddy and a 1 or 2 minute timer, then tap Start Morning.
- Confirm collectibles fill in as time passes and the buddy travels toward the goal.
- Tap I DID IT! to advance through the tasks.
- Complete the last task. The timer must freeze at whatever was left, the goal
  should open, and the celebration should run before Mission Complete appears.
  Finishing with 3:42 left must still show 3:42 throughout.
- Let a timer run out without finishing. It should go to the celebration on its
  own; I DID IT! is only for advancing early.
- Confirm Parent Unlock still asks for the PIN.
- Confirm neither Play Again nor Back to Home leaves kid mode.

Do not provision Device Owner / Full Kid Lock until standard mode and Parent
Unlock are both tested. See FULL_KID_LOCK_WINDOWS.txt.

IF SOMETHING LOOKS WRONG
Setting MorningView.debugRegions to true outlines every tap target on screen,
which makes a control that is drawn in one place and tapped in another obvious
at a glance.

A NOTE ON WHAT HAS AND HAS NOT BEEN CHECKED
Everything in this build is verified off-device: it compiles against a real
framework jar, 23.7 million assertions run in tools/check.sh, and every screen
is rendered headlessly and looked at. None of it has run on a phone. That is
what this zip is for.
